# Relationships {% #relationships %}

Reference fields in Onspring are used to relate records to one another whether they be in the same app or in different apps. They can be used to create a one-to-one relationship, a one-to-many relationship, or a many-to-many relationship. This functionality is at the core of how people build and utilize the Onspring platform.

That being said it is likely that when you are working with data in Onspring you will need to work with data that crosses apps. For example you can have a **Groups** app that has a list of all the groups in your instance and then you can have a **Users** app that has a list of all the users in your instance. Many users can be related to a single group using a reference field. Therefore if you wanted to collect data for all the users in a group you could make use of the Onspring API to programmatically resolve the relationships between a group record and its related user records and then retrieve the data for each of those users.

You would need to first retrieve the group [record](#records) which will contain the [reference field value](#field-values) that holds all the references to the users in that group. Note the values in a reference field will be the internal [Record Id](#record-id) value for each of the related records. You would then need to confirm which app the [reference field](#reference-field) is targeting and then retrieve the user data for each of the users in the group using the user's [Record Id](#record-id) and the **Users** app id.
